docs/software-manifest.md, before:

# Software Manifest

This document tracks additional software installed on systems running this dotfiles configuration, beyond what's automated in `install.conf.yaml`.

---

## Automated via Dotbot

See `install.conf.yaml` for the full automation. Key components:
- Kitty terminal
- VSCodium + extensions
- Brave Browser
- Zsh + CLI tools (ripgrep, fzf, bat, fd, lsd, tldr)
- CopyQ clipboard manager
- Git, Vim, Python, Node.js

---

## Snap Packages (Manual Install)
```bash
# Communication & Productivity
sudo snap install discord
sudo snap install signal-desktop
sudo snap install slack
sudo snap install todoist

# Email & Calendar
sudo snap install proton-mail

# Creative & Media
sudo snap install obs-studio
sudo snap install pinta
sudo snap install foliate

# Notes & Knowledge Management
sudo snap install obsidian
sudo snap install zotero

# Gaming
sudo snap install steam
```

**Config tracked in dotfiles:**
- Todoist: `.desktop` launcher and icon
- Obsidian: Config directory (check current status)

---

## APT Packages (Manual Install)
```bash
# Productivity
sudo apt install pdfarranger
sudo apt install rpi-imager # App to burn images to USB drives

# Sys admin tools required for persistent mount points to NAS
sudo apt install cifs-utils  

# Database
sudo apt install sqlitebrowser
```

---

## .deb Manual Downloads

**Zoom**
- Download from: https://zoom.us/download
- Install: `sudo dpkg -i zoom_amd64.deb`
- Fix dependencies if needed: `sudo apt install -f`

---

## Optional Installs

See dedicated documentation:
- **Foundry VTT**: `docs/foundry-setup.md`
- **OneDrive rclone**: `docs/OneDriveCloudMount.md`

---

## Notes

- Kitty: Using manual install (curl) instead of Snap due to version lag
- Consider moving cifs-utils to automated install

---

## Last Updated

07Feb2026

Commit message:

Added config file for Joplin and updated software manifest with Joplin install command

docs/software-manifest.md, after:

# Software Manifest

This document tracks additional software installed on systems running this dotfiles configuration, beyond what's automated in `install.conf.yaml`.

---

## Automated via Dotbot

See `install.conf.yaml` for the full automation. Key components:
- Kitty terminal
- VSCodium + extensions
- Brave Browser
- Zsh + CLI tools (ripgrep, fzf, bat, fd, lsd, tldr)
- CopyQ clipboard manager
- Git, Vim, Python, Node.js

---

## Snap Packages (Manual Install)
```bash
# Communication & Productivity
sudo snap install discord
sudo snap install signal-desktop
sudo snap install slack
sudo snap install todoist

# Email & Calendar
sudo snap install proton-mail

# Creative & Media
sudo snap install obs-studio
sudo snap install pinta
sudo snap install foliate

# Notes & Knowledge Management
sudo snap install obsidian
sudo snap install zotero

# Gaming
sudo snap install steam
```

**Config tracked in dotfiles:**
- Todoist: `.desktop` launcher and icon
- Obsidian: Config directory (check current status)

---

## APT Packages (Manual Install)
```bash
# Productivity
sudo apt install pdfarranger
sudo apt install rpi-imager # App to burn images to USB drives

# Sys admin tools required for persistent mount points to NAS
sudo apt install cifs-utils  

# Database
sudo apt install sqlitebrowser
```

---

## Manual installs instead of using the available Snap
```bash
# Joplin
wget -O - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laurent22/joplin/dev/Joplin_install_and_update.sh
```

---

## .deb Manual Downloads

**Zoom**
- Download from: https://zoom.us/download
- Install: `sudo dpkg -i zoom_amd64.deb`
- Fix dependencies if needed: `sudo apt install -f`

---

## Optional Installs

See dedicated documentation:
- **Foundry VTT**: `docs/foundry-setup.md`
- **OneDrive rclone**: `docs/OneDriveCloudMount.md`

---

## Notes

- Kitty: Using manual install (curl) instead of Snap due to version lag
- Consider moving cifs-utils to automated install

---

## Last Updated

07Feb2026
